Add guide on Sidecar (Embedding External Binaries) (#2017)
tauri-apps/tauri-docs: src/content/docs/guides/upgrade-migrate/from-tauri-1.mdx

- `package > productName` and `package > version` moved to top-level field.
- `package` removed.
- `tauri` key renamed to `app`.

> - `tauri > allowlist` removed. Use `capabilities/main.json` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `tauri > allowlist` removed. Refer to [Migrate Permissions](migrate-permissions)
```
What do you think of this, I'm not sure about the wording

The `onMenuClicked` function was removed, you can intercept menu events when creating a menu in JavaScript instead.

### Migrate Embedded External Binaries (Sidecar)

> In Tauri v1, the external binaries and their arguments were defined in the allowlist in the Tauri config. In v2, you use the new permissions system to do so instead. Read [Migrate Permissions](#migrate-permissions) for more information. Alternatively, if you are upgrading from v1, the `migrate` command in Tauri v2 CLI should handle this for you. Read [Automated Migration](#automated-migration) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Tauri v1, the external binaries and their arguments were defined in the allowlist. In v2, use the new permissions system. Read [Migrate Permissions](#migrate-permissions) for more information. 
```

I think there's no need to mention the migrate command, because this section assumes manual migration. It's more a reference so users can make the changes themselves.

> On the JavaScript side, in v1, the sidecar was called using `import { Command } from '@tauri-apps/api/shell'`. In v2, you use the shell plugin instead. Read [Migrate to Shell Plugin](#migrate-to-shell-plugin) to see how.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the JavaScript side, make sure you [Migrate to Shell Plugin](#migrate-to-shell-plugin).
```
I don't think that much details is needed as it already covered in the migrate to shell plugin.

> On the Rust side, in v2, the `tauri::api::process` API has been removed. So you import the `tauri_plugin_shell::ShellExt` and `tauri_plugin_shell::process::CommandEvent` APIs instead. Read the [Embedding External Binaries](../develop/sidecar#running-it-from-rust) guide to see how.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the Rust side, `tauri::api::process` API has been removed. Use `tauri_plugin_shell::ShellExt` and `tauri_plugin_shell::process::CommandEvent` APIs instead. Read the [Embedding External Binaries](/guides/develop/sidecar/#running-it-from-rust) guide to see how.
```
On the other hand, this isn't covered in the current migration docs, so it's ok to keep it.
